Stop scrolling and look at your screen
right now. See that blue rabbit bursting
with cocky jumps. Now look at this green
tortoise walking slow, stubborn, and
unbreakable. You are staring at the
timeless tortoise and hair race. But
here is the twist that will blow your
mind. I did not animate this. I did not
film this. I did not even touch my
keyboard. I was actually asleep while my
computer built this entire movie scene
by scene. All alone, one button, walk
away. Boom. Full story generated. You're
a creator tired of grinding prompts for
hours. Stick around because I am handing
you the exact workflow to crank out
unlimited videos hands-free. But first,
smash that like button right now to lock
in this algorithm hack and share this
with one creator who needs this. Now,
your move sets the pace just like the
tortoise. Okay, let us address the
elephant in the room. Is this safe? Is
this a virus or some sketchy download?
The answer is no. Zero risk. No exe
files and no installs messing up your
Windows. It is a simple Chrome extension
just like your ad trusted by over 40,000
creators. automating workflows daily so
you are protected. Now let us get into
the setup. Nail this or it fails. So pay
attention. Go to Google and search for
Grock Automation. Click the first link
on the Chrome web store and hit add to
Chrome. If you do not see the icon, go
to the top right puzzle piece and pin
it. Now click the icon. If it says
navigate to Grock, hit that green button
instantly. It lands you on the official
Gro AI website and opens a secret
command center on the right side. The
magic starts here. We need to configure
this specifically for our 20 scene epic.
Look at the dashboard set mode to text
to video. Keep concurrent prompts at one
for steady wins without crashing. Set
number of videos to 20 because I've
planned a perfect narrative arc. Now
click the gear icon for the critical
tweaks model remains. Default change
aspect ratio to 16x9 for cinematic
YouTube gold. Keep output video per
prompt at one. Now here is the secret
sauce. Look at default video frame. Set
this to 6 seconds. Why? Because AI loves
it. It is stable, high quality and
prevents failures on longer clips. So,
lock that in. Set auto download to 720p
for fast HD files. That will not clog
your drive. Once you match these
exactly, hit the green save button. If
you skip this, it is game over. Now, for
the creative hack, do not type 20
prompts manually. Use chat GPT, but you
must give it the right command. I told
Chat GPT to write exactly 20 prompts for
a blue rabbit and green tortoise story.
I specifically ordered it to keep the
rabbit blue and the tortoise green in
every single shot for consistency. And
most importantly, I told ChatGpt to give
me all 20 prompts inside a single copy
paste code block. This is the key. You
do not want 20 separate lines. You want
one single block of text. As you can see
on my screen, the perfect sequence is
generated. I copy all of it and paste it
directly into the Grock dashboard
prompts box. Watch closely. It
automatically detects the lines and cues
up 20 videos instantly. Forest sunrise,
blue rabbit leaps, green tortoise
grinds. It is all there. We are 95%
done. Click the green run button once.
Now take your hands off. Do not touch
anything. Watch the screen. Prompt one
fires. It generates. It downloads
automatically. Then prompt two begins
the loop. You can go grab a coffee or
take a nap and return to 20 ready clips
in your downloads folder. Drag them to
Cap Cut or Premiere sequence them. Add
music and voice over and you have a
viral banger uploaded. No manual
prompts. No waiting. No clicking
download 20 times. Pure automation
power. Now I have a challenge for you.
This tool has insane hyperreal human
motion settings for faceless channels.
That is absolute god mode. But I will
only reveal it if you are serious. If
this video hits 2,000 likes, I will drop
the full advanced tutorial in the next
video. So, smash like now, install the
extension, run this workflow, and let
the AI slave for you. Subscribe and join
the 40,000 automating creators. I will
see you crushing it in the next